hey everyone this is shag we just fought
a great big toes so let's fight a light
bulb I don't really see the connection I
guess if you put light bulbs out into
advanced acid rain it would not go well
for the light bulbs I've not seen any
scientific studies to this effect
however anyway bright man stage is
actually not that bad because well in
this first section you can just keep
running forward and shooting all the
guys and their light turning on and off
gimmick basically means nothing since
you hit all of them at once however the
grasshopper and totem pole segments can
be a bit more of a bother because the
grasshoppers can jump at multiple
heights putting them in places that they
shouldn't be or even on top of each
other screwing up while the game and the
player possibly this is a sort of mini
boss if you like to call it that but
it's really just kind of scary when he
starts lobbing things and that's his
most threatening thing is to scare you
by loving gumballs which is kind of the
difficult thing to accomplish in a more
realistic setting because gumballs are
not very frightening oh these guys can
corner you if you don't manage to hit
them which is possible on stairs over
there but there are generally
non-threatening because all they do is
move and hit walls and bounce this
ladder is also very non-threatening
because we don't have to even touch it
it's an optional area containing an
e-tank who needs e tanks I don't take
damage eventually at least this is the
part where the grasshoppers silly
jumping can screw you over more if it
happens which he doesn't appear to be
doing at this time so yeah like that one
can clear the gap and end up next to
this one for example but yeah I guess
the grasshopper gods were with me today
nothing screwy happened
this is an extremely pointless enemy
it's kind of sad I guess if you don't
manage the slide and it might hit you
which is possible if the game doesn't
realize that you're holding certain
buttons down but basically this is the
penultimate section the platforming
challenge where the real challenge is
hoping that the bullets go into
convenient places for them to be dodged
in the future or else you'll just have
to keep running which may be more of a
problem depending but looks like we got
through it okay but that just means we
have the real problem of the stage
bright man good thing he installed the
emergency lights in his hallway or else
we'd have to fight him in the dark there
is a very specific strategy for fighting
bright man actually it's not too
difficult to accomplish it's essentially
shooting him and then using rain flush
because if you shoot him once then he
will not be able to use flash supper it
uses to watch out for his random
direction shots and his sleeping thing
going on there yes right Matt is down
and he almost got me too but yeah maybe
this is more of a bright idea than I
thought oh hmm for beating bright man we
acquire these foolish flash stopper
which is a lot more useful than the
flash stopper because you don't
constantly well I mean it's a lot more
useless than the flash man weapon
whatever that was called because you can
use it more often you can fire while
using it I don't know if you could do
its flash man's because I don't care
about mega man to use more often doesn't
constantly drain energy and it's pretty
good it also screws over some bosses
quite a bit like feral man who
we'll encounter next time on mega man
for no damage how long can I go
wouldn't it be great if you had to fight
bright man in the dark that would just
that would just suck so anyway bright
man he's definitely going to lunge at
you straight away then you want to shoot
him and then used hood power because if
you if you don't shoot him right away he
will actually use his flash stopper you
fool on you and that would be Oh score
one for not paying attention whoops but
over all the stages is actually a lot
easier than till advantage which is kind
of weird I mean the bow stupid stupid
stupid basically these guys won't get
directly in your way though the shots
can catch up to you if you're not in a
good position there's a specific
strategy against bright man that one
must utilize in order to not be
slaughtered it's very simple shoot him
and then use rain flush but don't just
start off with rain flush because if you
do if you get him to certain points in
his health bar he will aah
he will not uses flash toppers but I'm
trying to stay here always remember to
charge a shot here because it's easier
to hit these fellows with one then oh
god oh god oh god frickin Jesus Christ
really
Oh